.github/docs/PLACEHOLDERS.md, before:

# Placeholders

This plugin supports the usage of PlaceholderAPI and MiniPlaceholders.

## MiniPlaceholders

You just have to add this plugin and download the expansion for your plugin and use the placeholders.

## PlaceholderAPI

For using Placeholders from PlaceholderAPI, you have to use the following format:

```
<papi:'placeholder-name'>

Example: <papi:'player_name'>
```

## Built-in Placeholders

| Placeholder          | Description                                              |
|----------------------|----------------------------------------------------------|
| <sender_name>        | The name of the sender                                   |
| <sender_displayname> | The displayname of the sender                            |
| <server_name>        | The name of the server which is configured in the config |

## LuckPerms Placeholders

This plugin also adds placeholders for LuckPerms withou the need of an extra plugin.

| Placeholder                   | Description                                 |
|-------------------------------|---------------------------------------------|
| <fc_luckperms_prefix>         | The prefix of the sender                    |
| <fc_luckperms_suffix>         | The suffix of the sender                    |
| <fc_luckperms_prefixes>       | The prefixes of the sender                  |
| <fc_luckperms_suffixes>       | The suffixes of the sender                  |
| <fc_luckperms_username_color> | The meta key 'username-color' of the sender |
| <fc_luckperms_message_color>  | The meta key 'message-color' of the sender  |

Commit message:

docs(placeholders) add fc_luckperms_prefix_by_group usage

.github/docs/PLACEHOLDERS.md, after:

# Placeholders

This plugin supports the usage of PlaceholderAPI and MiniPlaceholders.

## MiniPlaceholders

You just have to add this plugin and download the expansion for your plugin and use the placeholders.

## PlaceholderAPI

For using Placeholders from PlaceholderAPI, you have to use the following format:

```
<papi:'placeholder-name'>

Example: <papi:'player_name'>
```

## Built-in Placeholders

| Placeholder          | Description                                              |
|----------------------|----------------------------------------------------------|
| <sender_name>        | The name of the sender                                   |
| <sender_displayname> | The displayname of the sender                            |
| <server_name>        | The name of the server which is configured in the config |

## LuckPerms Placeholders

This plugin also adds placeholders for LuckPerms without the need of an extra plugin.

| Placeholder                               | Description                                      |
|-------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------|
| <fc_luckperms_prefix>                     | The prefix of the sender                         |
| <fc_luckperms_suffix>                     | The suffix of the sender                         |
| <fc_luckperms_prefixes>                   | The prefixes of the sender                       |
| <fc_luckperms_suffixes>                   | The suffixes of the sender                       |
| <fc_luckperms_username_color>             | The meta key 'username-color' of the sender      |
| <fc_luckperms_message_color>              | The meta key 'message-color' of the sender       |
| <fc_luckperms_prefix_by_group:group name> | Shows the prefix of the group if the user has it |
